Defang Pulumi Provider Docs (#143)
DefangLabs/defang-docs: docs/concepts/pulumi.md

Pulumi support is currently only available for Defang Playground. We are working on support for Defang BYOC.
:::

[Pulumi](https://www.pulumi.com) is a modern infrastructure-as-code toolkit that allows developers to use a programming language like Typescript to provision and manage cloud resources.

> Defang providers a Pulumi [_Provider_](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/iac/concepts/resources/providers/) written in Typescript which can be used to deploy Defang services alongside other pulumi-managed infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defang provides a Pulumi [_Provider_](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/iac/concepts/resources/providers/) written in Typescript which can be used to deploy Defang services alongside other Pulumi-managed infrastructure.
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## When to Use the Defang Pulumi Provider

> The Defang Pulumi Provider supports developer's with more complex requirements than a [Compose File](/docs/concepts/compose) will support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Defang Pulumi Provider is a good option for developers with more complex requirements than what can be currently supported by a [Compose File](/docs/concepts/compose).
```
